{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Noteworthy-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs30 \cf0 I believe that if life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade... And try to find somebody whose life has given them vodka, and have a party. - Ron White\
\
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advise. - Bill Cosby\
\
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. - Elbert Hubbard\
\
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. - Jim Carrey\
\
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company. - Mark Twain}

Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -Winston Churchill

Mass demand has been created almost entirely through the development of advertising.-Calvin (Silent Cal) Coolidge

Youth is a blunder; Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret.-Benjamin Disraeli

This is the precept by which I have lived: Prepare for the worst; expect the best; and take what comes.-Hannah Ardent

Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.-Mark Twain
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. –John Lennon”

Be brave enough to break your own heart.

Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. –Pablo Picasso

The best revenge is massive success. –Frank Sinatra

Don’t lament so much about how your career is going to turn out. You don’t have a career. You have a life. Do the work. Keep the faith. Be true blue – Dear Sugar


Most things will be okay eventually, but not everything will be. Sometimes you’ll put up a good fight and lose. Sometimes you’ll hold on really hard and realize there is no choice but to let go. Acceptance is a small, quiet room. – Cheryl Strayed
